src/blog/2023-04-01-my-first-blog-using-netlify-cms.md, before:

---
title: My first Blog using Netlify CMS
description: Hello, this is my first blog created using netlify cms, stay tuned.
author: Elmouatez Billah Benariba
date: 2023-04-01T21:51:11.896Z
tags:
  - post
  - html
  - css
  - featured
Image: /assets/blog/clean-code-feature.png
ImageAlt: This is our image caption
---
# H﻿ello

1. ## M﻿y name

H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog.

`<﻿p>`

`This  is  paragraph`

`</p>`

``

![Yes](/assets/blog/clean-code-feature.png "No")

dFinal

```javascript
console.log("Essalamou Alaikoum")
```

T﻿hank you!

Commit message:

Update Blog “2023-04-01-my-first-blog-using-netlify-cms”

src/blog/2023-04-01-my-first-blog-using-netlify-cms.md, after:

---
author: Elmouatez Billah Benariba
imageAlt: Hello this is a required field
ImageAlt: This is our image caption
title: My first Blog using Netlify CMS
description: Hello, this is my first blog created using netlify cms, stay tuned.
date: 2023-04-01T21:51:11.896Z
tags:
  - post
  - html
  - css
  - featured
Image: /assets/blog/clean-code-feature.png
image: /assets/blog/clean-code-feature.png
---
# H﻿ello

1. ## M﻿y name

H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog. H﻿ello my name is mouatez and this is the blog.

`<﻿p>`

`This  is  paragraph`

`</p>`

``

![Yes](/assets/blog/clean-code-feature.png "No")

dFinal

```javascript
console.log("Essalamou Alaikoum")
```

T﻿hank you!
